Welcome all of you.
Good morning, family.
There are 1,600 of you already.
I need to start.
Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
That fan's making me cough, baby.
Thank you for joining us.
I appreciate it.
I have a fan high blowing on me because these lights are hot and I sweat the whole time and I get finished and I'm drenched.
But I'm thankful that every one of you would join me so late in the evening.
I had a lot going on today, and I couldn't do a video earlier.
So, for the ones that want to watch it back, thank you.
I'm going to pray with you tonight.
There's a lot on my heart and I'm going to go over the things that the Lord talked to us about last night.
Now, I'm going to come right out and say it: I'm not a financial advisor.
I'm not here to tell you what to do with your finances.
I have to say that every single time.
This is what I've been instructed.
This is for entertainment purposes only.
You can do what you want to, but I bring this to you for you to pray about it.
This is very serious for what I believe the Lord has shown me.
But I'm human; I can miss it.
This is what I believe.
This is what I believe the Lord has shown me concerning the finances, concerning the world, and what I believe the Lord has shown me is what's coming.
So if you don't believe that and you don't believe all these things that I'm saying, you take it to God in prayer and you see what the Holy Spirit tells you.
Do not invest in anything based on anything that I'm about to say.
You take it to God in prayer.
Okay?
That's maturity.
So you need to be mature about this.
Okay?
So last night we saw—and I want to say we give all the glory to God.
I have no ability on my own to see anything; it's all Jesus.
And I want to say that last night what we saw in prayer was pretty cool.
I thought we took it and we've been praying over it all day, and Braden and I have been really processing it because when we see these things, Braden tries to research and see what the Lord's showing us and if it's already there in the news or something that we can prepare ourselves for maybe and position ourselves to be on the blessing side.
I saw a new gold rush coming and I don't know when this thing's going to kick off.
I believe it's coming and I believe in my spirit it's coming soon.
I saw gold go up like this, and it went down and it had a dip, but as it went up, it went high as a cat's back—which I know is symbolic—but it went up really, really high and then it started to go down.
But as it was at its peak, I saw people taking their jewelry and any kind of gold anything they had, and they were trying to get rid of it because of the all-time highs of gold that I saw that were coming.
I saw people going in old mines and I saw Colorado.
I saw Utah and parts of California where old mines were dormant in the hills and people were trying to sneak up in these mines with little head lanterns on and they were looking for any kind of scrap, little bitty flakes of gold they could find to gather up to go and cash them in.
I saw gold in the vision was over $10,000 an ounce.
And when this happened, I saw the people, like I said, looking through creek beds in Colorado and places where they could pan for gold.
And I saw a gold rush of people, an excitement of realizing if they could just find a little, it would get them a substantial amount of money.
An ounce of gold was over 10,000.
So they were just trying to find just a little bit.
That's several hundred dollars.
And for some people, $100 a day is a lot.
So they were down in the creek beds in Colorado and these places and streams and places in the mountains trying to pan for gold just to get gold.
And that's when I saw and I heard 'new gold rush' in the headlines.
And this was worldwide: new gold rush.
But especially in America, people were trying to find old mines and they were going in them.
It was dangerous because they were abandoned and there was nobody working those anymore.
After years and years of abandonment, that's a dangerous place to be if there's no safety, so they're putting their life in danger.
But I saw them going in there and they were trying to hide and go in there and just look for anything, digging on the walls, trying to find whatever they could to find even just a little bit.
And so I saw that in the vision and I thought that was interesting.
I did not see silver.
Now, that doesn't mean silver is not going to do anything, but I did not see silver.
I just thought it was interesting because the Lord showed me gold.
I see in part, hear in part.
But as I was praying into that, I saw five major honeypots and a lot of the Body of Christ of what I was seeing, some of them had one honey pot and some of them had more than two or three honey pots and they had the pots all—and it was honey pots.
It looked like substantial something, sugar.
It was good, like something fun.
And this was a means of provision of wealth transfer.
And I saw a pink currency that was about to go up, that was about to be reinstated, that was about to have value, but it wasn't as much as what people had thought it was going to be.
People were disappointed.
I saw the Prince of Persia latching onto Babylon.
He had his hands on it.
And as these things—I've warned you and warned you over the years—what has it been about Persia?
Even how long ago was it when I saw Persia grabbing onto it?
That was back probably in November before all this drama going on with Iran.
Persia was falling apart.
And I saw the Prince of Persia.
He had sweat beads going down his face and he was straining, losing his grip on Babylon.
It was coming through his fingers.
Does anybody remember that?
When I first was shown that by the Holy Spirit, he had a hold of it with his fingers and he was squeezing it with all he had—the buildings, the structure—and he was losing his grip.
And the Lord said, 'I'm the one doing this.
He's about to lose his grip over Babylon.
' And Babylon's going to come up out of the ashes, the flames.
And I saw a new stable Babylon coming.
And when I saw it, palm trees were coming up, buildings, oil, blessing, and a new stable currency.
I saw a new stable currency.
And I saw the number 25.
And it was black with gold around it.
Does anybody remember the black 25?
And I said, I keep seeing this 25 come up out of the ground.
I don't know what this is.
I still don't.
I believe it's a rate.
I believe something about 25.
I don't know.
It was on a pink piece of paper, a smaller denomination.
It was a 25 something.
And I saw it and I thought that was very interesting.
So last night we saw these things again.
But as I was seeing this, I was taken to Israel and I saw MBS leading in a V.
He was a leader.
He was coming in there to do things, but he had other Arab men behind him kind of like a duck formation.
Whenever you see ducks flying and you can see geese flying, they fly in a V.
Well, he was in a V.
He was the head of it.
And I saw him talking and he went into Israel and I saw him negotiating Gaza with Trump and other countries and they rebuilt Gaza.
I saw a golf course with Trump's name on it that was a Trump golf course with a flag in the ninth hole.
Now I know this is symbolic.
It's not—God's not just showing me the ninth hole.
There's something more about this there.
It's a type and shadow.
There's something to this.
It's a code.
So, if you all know codes and dreams and visions, I don't.
I just see this stuff and I pray over it.
It was a flag that was not a normal-looking flag, but it looked like a flag that you would put in a golf hole.
It said 'Trump Golf Course Gaza,' and it was blue and white, which looked like Israel.
Do you know how Israel's flag is blue and white?
Well, this flag was white with blue on it, just like Israel's flag, but it had 'Gaza' written on it.
It was blue and white and was at the ninth hole.
It said 'Trump Golf Course' in beautiful cursive writing, and it had blue outlining the flag just like an Israeli flag.
I saw the green grass on this golf course that looked absolutely beautiful, and it was next to the Mediterranean Sea.
All of it was blue.
I could see the water, the golf course, and beautiful mansions behind it—I'm talking big money homes that look like something out of Miami.
They were white stucco houses with rooftops that could look out over the water.
It had a rail and seats where you could watch the golfers and look at the water.
It looked like something out of Los Angeles or Miami; it was absolutely beautiful.
I suddenly saw oil derricks, and the Lord said, 'Remember the Houston Oilers.
' I saw the Houston Oilers and the oil derricks, but they were coming up out of Gaza.
There was a massive amount of money in oil and gas underneath the soil of Gaza and underneath the Mediterranean, outside of the coastline.
I saw a substantial amount of oil and gas.
Then I saw MBS come on the scene with another man who had a really nice tailored beard and black-framed aviator sunglasses.
He looked very classy with a white and black thing on his head, like one of those Arab sheikhs.
These were businessmen behind him, and I saw a lot of investment coming; some was for Jordan, and some was from other places.
I saw the third temple being built.
As I saw the structure with cranes—you know how you see something in fast forward like a time-lapse video?
I could see the time-lapse video of them in the agreement.
I could see a storm in the background; it was purple with great darkness behind it—a very spooky-looking terrain.
It looked like when you see a thunderstorm coming from a distance; you see the purple and think, 'That's a bad thunderstorm,' because everything looks really sped up.
As I was watching, I could see cranes with long extensions lifting up the pillars.
There were construction workers moving around like little ants, and I could see the sun going up and down as everything was being established.
I saw the temple at its completion.
The back half had a room that looked like stone with a canopy.
It had pillars that looked like Greek columns, attached at the top with more Greek columns.
It was a stone structure that looked like heavy, old Greek or Roman buildings with detailed rock carving.
It had a base and a foyer you could walk into.
It was open with no walls; it was see-through.
But the columns went up, and the part down here was not see-through.
It looked like some kind of palace with stone-carved blocks, like a megastructure from Egypt.
It was a stone that was very rustic and old-looking.
There was a roof on that structure with detailed, beautiful carvings.
That was the back half.
It was going this way—where you would see the Wailing Wall.
I could see it moved like this, though I don't know how to describe it.
Maybe I can get Braden to draw a picture with his AI stuff to describe it better.
It was a fairly good-sized structure.
Let's go back to July 6, 2014, when I saw the tribulation.
I saw the one I believe was the Antichrist, who proclaimed he was God.
I was standing on a structure, but lower down.
Everything I saw in the tribulation is what I saw again in this vision of what they're about to build.
I don't know when they build this or how far into the future I was seeing.
Had the rapture happened yet?
I don't know.
I pray President Trump makes it in the rapture.
They were building a golf course in Gaza that said 'Trump.
' I pray this is before the rapture because I would pray that Trump and his family would make it.
Gaza was beautiful.
There were shops, hotels, and it looked like a resort—like something out of America.
There was no poverty.
I saw Rolls-Royces, Ferraris, and Mercedes-Benzes.
It looked like Monaco, or Monaco—where all the rich people go.
Gaza looked rich, not poor or torn up like it does now.
I saw great hotels, shopping malls, and big money.
Then I was taken to America and saw five pots with blessings in each.
The Lord warned me about these pots.
I saw Bank of America, Chase Bank, and Wells Fargo in the distance with a covered wagon in front of it.
That is their logo; it has a Western theme, like a stagecoach.
I saw Brad Garlinghouse's face and a long executive table.
I saw papers being signed.
I saw deals being made.
I saw a certain cryptocurrency coin going to $5 like that, and many people were excited just to get the five.
But you know, like I said, that ain't investment advice; I'm just telling you what I saw in a vision.
And so it was just the beginning of something that would turn into hundreds of dollars per coin.
I saw again another cryptocurrency that was similar to another one.
How do I say this?
Because I try to talk to a lot of people, but I talk to a lot of people who are very immature.
And so I tried to talk to the mature ones that get it versus some of the people that are just like Sister Clipboard, freaking out over everything.
And I just say, 'Calm down, sister.
I'm trying to help you to pray over something.
' This is my opinion to pray over it, you know, but I saw in the vision another cryptocurrency that was about ready to go up substantially from a major spokesperson that was similar to Michael Saylor.
He was in the Hamptons.
I saw him very wealthy, and he was about to support this cryptocurrency, and I saw a major uptick in this one.
There were deals being made.
If anybody remembers, I saw Garlinghouse again when I saw all the screens and all the flower coming up, and it looked like a tulip.
The pictures looked like YouTube, and it was spinning all around, and there were videos of it.
It looked like YouTube, and there was a transfer of money from wire to wire, to bank to bank.
And I saw this tulip coming up and a fresh blade of a beautiful flower that was about to be birthed.
This was back in September or October.
And I saw this flower come up out of the ground.
And the Lord said, 'Watch this flower.
' And I saw a beautiful ring around that flower.
There were all kinds of videos.
'You still have it, don't you?
' 'Yes.
' 'Yeah, I have a bunch of others.
' 'You're funny.
Not the halo though, but the videos.
' 'I know.
I like it.
You bring my visions to life that the Lord gives me.
That's neat.
' So, I saw him at a table, and I saw him signing things that were about to take off.
As I saw this, I saw a stream that started to bring up what looked like river rapids that had rocks all in it.
This is symbolic, I know, but the rapids were very bad.
It looked like there was bad turmoil in the water and crypto was moving down that rocky road.
Gold bars were moving down this water in front of the banks.
It looked like it was rapids.
Everything was being very bad.
You know, the water, whenever you see water like that, you don't want to get in it and swim, do you?
I mean, some people are crazy, you want to get in that, but that looked like it was dangerous.
But the coins were all going down.
Things were happening.
The water was really rapid, rough water.
It wasn't like a stream I'd want to go drink out of.
I'm going to stay back from that.
But it was in front of the bank.
It was in front of a Bank of America.
As I was looking out of this vision, I saw BlackRock.
I saw the founder, the CEO of BlackRock with glasses.
You know the man?
He's over it.
I saw that man, the CEO, the vice president of this BlackRock man.
He was there and his face was dark.
I saw a storm and a hurricane storm all around this man of darkness.
But he was connected to Europe.
He was connected to Canada.
He was connected to New York.
He was there, but he was not connected to these other banks.
As I was looking at these other banks, I saw others there.
Yeah, that's the man I saw.
There you go.
That's the man.
He's not a good man is what it looked like.
Darkness was around this man.
So, don't—if anybody's friends with him and he's family...
Sabrina, you say he doesn't care what I think anyway, but there was darkness around that man.
Well, I saw those banks—Bank of America, Chase, Wells Fargo—get suckers.
You know how you can see a big fire hose that hooks onto the fire hydrant?
They all got fire hydrants on the sides of these banks, and little banks got their fire hoses, and they turned the water on and it started filtering that to them.
Water started flowing.
Stuff started flowing out of those banks downward to these little ones that looked like pillars coming out of those big banks.
But the big banks were feeding the little banks.
Some of them had bigger hoses than others.
But all of them were getting something.
And it looked like water, but it was all pumping.
You could see how a hose moves and it was moving down and it was lumpy as the water or whatever was moving to those other banks.
I thought it was kind of interesting as I was looking at that.
So I saw him in there signing deals and he was signing things and I heard, 'This is the beginning.
This has been held back for quite some time, son, by demonic entities, but they are losing their grip and the new industrial digital frontier is about to happen.
We're about to see things that you've been praying and believing for, son.
And it's just the beginning.
' I saw a Range Rover.
And I saw the Range Rover moving on rocks.
It was green.
The Range Rover was green.
It had brown interior with black rims.
And it was moving too slow.
And he said, 'It's time to believe to go from shore to shore quickly.
' And I saw jets.
I saw blue jets with stripes, white jets with blue stripes.
And they were flying.
And they were Gulfstreams, G8s, beautiful aircraft that were preachers.
And they were getting the gospel out faster because they didn't have to drive in the Range Rover anymore, which was interesting because it was an all-terrain vehicle.
Again, how many times have we seen this Range Rover?
Twice now.
Yeah.
And so I don't know why the Lord talked about a Range Rover.
I know it's symbolic because he could have used a Lexus.
It could have been a Mercedes-Benz.
It could have been a G-Wagon, but it was a Range Rover.
Why?
I don't know.
But as I saw this, it was in a rocky creek bed and it was having a hard time and it was moving slow because you can't go real fast on a bunch of rocks in your car because it'll break it apart.
If you go really fast, you're going to mess your car up.
You have to go slow over rocks in a creek bed.
And it was going through there really slow.
But he said, 'I need my people to move faster, for they're running out of time.
' And I saw time being sped up, an acceleration of time, an acceleration of money, an acceleration of things.
For America's economy is not as good as what we're being told; we're being catfished.
It's behind me.
You see the catfish?
It's in the boat with Trump.
And the Lord said the economy is a catfish.
It's a pig with lipstick.
You see the pig with lipstick.
The economy is not good.
It's about to go off a cliff.
It's about to go over the waterfall.
It's on the verge of a major economic crisis worse than the 1930s—an economic depression—but I will sustain it enough time for you to put your gold in your pockets again.
'Brandon, be watchful and listen to me, for I will not yell about what I'm about to do in these end times.
' And then he instructed again about the taxes, that a lot of the body of Christ are pretty ignorant when it comes to this stuff.
And the Lord said, 'Pay your taxes on your capital gains on your investments when you get your blessing.
' People say, 'Well, Jesus is coming.
You know, it's okay.
We'll be all right.
' No, no, no, no, no.
It was a setup from the devil to take out God's people.
There's too much ignorance in the body of Christ.
And the devil was waiting as a watcher, you know, like he watches who's doing right, who's doing wrong, who's opening a door, who's not.
Be faithful with the little God gives you, and he'll turn it into much if you listen to him.
Don't be stupid and don't be stingy.
Don't be in fear of not having enough when God brings your blessing.
Well, this is all we've got; we better set up shop right here.
This is it.
No, trust him for more.
I saw five major pots.
Do you remember when I told you about November?
I saw four major doors that were completely black, but every door was the same.
Behind the door, when it opened, there were gold coins and the gold came running out; it was a major tsunami wave of gold coins.
Each door needed to be powered up through prayer.
Each door was the same, but one was gold, one was silver, and the others were other investments, digital.
I saw those doors and the Lord said, 'You must pray and open those doors by intercession and they must be powered by the fueled by power, fueled by the Holy Ghost, ignited by the spirit.
' We must pray over these doors and the things the Lord—because this was Satan's wheelhouse and Satan has a hold of the money.
It's a specialty.
So, that's what I was praying over a lot, and that's what we saw.
I saw people picketing at Gaza.
They were very upset.
They said, 'Free Palestine.
' They were very upset that it was not Palestine anymore.
They weren't giving the land back to the Palestinians.
They had signs and they were picketing in America and all over the place because they had these signs like we see now in Europe.
They were telling everybody, 'Free Palestine.
' They were ticked off about the land and what was being built, the resorts and all that, making Gaza great again.
I saw major ticked-off people concerning Greenland.
Trump was trying to strongarm them concerning Greenland and their finances.
I saw them being offered $25,000 per citizen for shares, stipends, an agreement where the older you were, the more money you got.
It was per citizen and I saw the United States trying to strongarm Greenland.
I saw Europe very upset about this.
I saw Emmanuel Macron yelling the loudest.
Very upset about this.
Emmanuel Macron was in the days ahead with England, Finland, Germany, and Italy.
There were really loud voices coming against this and it was almost like an invasion again.
It didn't make people happy.
The reason it was happening so quickly was because the dollar was in trouble, and he was trying to save America's economy from how bad it truly is from the Biden administration doing what they did.
Do you remember?
I saw a dam.
I saw the United States economy, the dollar, and all this, and there were cracks in the dam.
As I saw Trump's ear, I saw a major economic crisis in his term.
Does anybody remember that?
I said it was worse than the 1930s.
The Lord said, 'Because my people have prayed, I'm giving you a little bit more time.
' People said, 'Brandon, you said you saw economic disaster.
How come it hasn't happened?
' It's prayer grace.
But the economy didn't change; it's still bad.
It's all around us, but he's holding it together by paddling and doing these ideas.
We must pray for the Supreme Court to bring this about, that they will do the tariffs and things, because if they don't, we're done.
I saw all these major things happening.
I saw people rioting; they wanted their entitlements and they were rioting in the streets.
It looked like something out of a movie, and it was so bad.
It was so bad that they sent in the National Guard and put barbed wire fence around everything in all the major cities: Chicago, New York, Philadelphia.
There was nobody out on the streets.
They had people with Hummers, Humvees, and they had police barricades everywhere because of everyone rioting because of the economy crashing.
Those are the things I have seen.
That was whenever I saw Canada falling.
I saw the economy of Canada was in trouble.
When this happened, I saw British Columbia join up with America and it started to become one; it started to turn red and become a state.
Not all of Canada did it at once, but parts of Canada started to secede from Canada because of a vote because the economy was in trouble.
I saw Canada and America try to become one financially.
Those are the things that I've seen that I keep praying over.
I've seen this way before President Trump even brought it to the table a year ago.
We've been talking about this for over two years, warning you of what was coming.
During Joe Biden's term, I said, 'Trump's going to do this.
' Everybody said, 'Trump, he's going to win the election.
' Yes, I said he'll win by a landslide and he'll even win states like Michigan.
Watch what happens.
I saw Oklahoma rise up with torches.
Well, now I'm telling you, in the midterms, we're in trouble.
If we don't come out and vote in big numbers in 2026, we're going to lose the Senate by a lot.
But we maintain the House by a little.
They won't be able to impeach him all the way because they need both.
It will be a stalemate president and it will be bad.
The Lord said if you pray you can turn this around and you'll have another good two years until 2027 when the plague tries to come in, going into 2028 just like they did in 2019.
If it worked once, will it work again?
They don't want them winning; they want Joe Biden back.
'Give us Barabbas.
' That's what they are.
' You saw Japan again, the woman, and then you saw hearts.
I saw hearts joining up together in Japan: a pink heart and a dark red heart.
I saw them, and I saw a covered wagon with Sooners on it again.
I saw them being major crypto people in the days ahead, and their hearts were joining up with the economies of South Korea and Japan.
There were two hearts, but they were one heart, a pink and red heart joined together.
It looked like a Valentine candy.
I saw March highlighted before me, and March was a hot month concerning Greenland and things ahead over the next 60 to 90 days.
We are praying over the Olympics by the third of February.
We're praying over a major black swan event coming out of France with a major attack coming, interceding for this escalation with Venezuela, Russia, and Cuba.
Venezuela, Russia, and Cuba, right?
Because I saw Cuba and Russia becoming friends and there was a lifeline being given to them.
They were bringing military equipment, and I believe there were underground bases in Cuba that had biological things from Russia.
It was very serious.
He saw waves too; he saw waves and cookie jars and stuff like that.
What do you all think?
Is that good enough?
I saw a massive olive grove.
There were tons of olives and fruit, but it was being pressed into fresh olive oil and it represented something beautiful.
It would look like beautiful olive trees, full of olives.
They were ripe for the picking, and I could see that the sky was a beautiful blue.
The olives were built on the rock.
These olive trees were on the side of a mountain, flourishing all over it.
The mountain was flourishing with olive trees, but the olives were rooted in the rock.
I could see that it was full of fruit, and it was something symbolic.
As I saw the olives, the oil started coming up off the mountain.
It was running down, as thick as syrup, running over the rocks and down over this valley.
There was fresh olive oil coming out of the rocks and the olive trees.
I don't know where that olive oil was coming from, but I saw it and it was beautiful.
What did the Lord say?
Did He say something to that?
Did Mama write it down?
'Come up to the olive grove, for there's much fruit.
A place of provision.
The oil.
A great place of provision.
' You saw that, and I saw the olives.
Then He spoke about the struggle of pulling up the rock.
You saw the tug, like you're pulling up a rock.
It's been a struggle.
Regarding the blessing, it was a struggle; they were pulling about Iraq and they're pulling on the crypto, and it was just a struggle.
That's what the Lord said: 'You're just struggling.
' I saw them pulling—all of us were pulling—and you didn't feel like you were making very much progress in the spirit realm.
But we won the tug of war.
It was breakthrough time.
No more struggle; it's time for breakthrough.
The harvest is connected to the seed.
When you listen to Me and you go and use your authority, some of you are about to fly.
Jets!
When you come up higher with your sowing to Me and you use your authority over your seed, some of you are about to start flying high with Me.
That's what He said.
'When you open your eyes, you must give Me all of the glory.
It will multiply as you sow.
' If you give God all the glory for what He's about to do in your life, believe Me for a quick work.
Some will pinch themselves because of how good it will be for you.
I saw people actually pinching themselves—and I know it's a metaphor, you aren't actually going to pinch yourself—but some will be saying, 'The goodness of God!
Look what He did!
' I saw them pinching themselves because of how quickly your life is going to change.
In the vision, they were thinking, 'Is this a dream?
Am I living a dream?
' Do y'all want to pray?
You can pray with me.
If not, whatever; I'll pray with her for a little bit.
It's already after midnight; we're burning the midnight oil, having my little session in here.
You can highlight this, put it on your shelf, and know that Brandon was right because Jesus was in it.
Father, we thank You for the body.
We give You praise, glory, and honor.
Lord, if You want me to stop and turn this off right now, I will.
But I always give people the opportunity to pray and seek You because of how serious the times are.
Father, I thank You that if there's anything You want to show me, Lord, we plead the blood over it.
We humble ourselves under Your mighty hand and we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that by Your stripes we are healed.
We apply the blood and we thank You for the blood.
Father, we have President Trump right now, and we're so grateful for our president.
Regardless of whether we agree with everything he's doing, he is trying to help our country.
In desperate situations, you do desperate things, and we're in a desperate situation.
Father, I thank You that we're able to have a breath of air so that we can get the job done.
We apply the blood over our nation.
We apply the blood over our president.
We apply the blood over our vice president.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our Senate, our House, and over the judges.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against our nation will prosper—against the Red Dawn experience and the evil people in this nation.
We thank You, Father, that they are exposed and brought to justice, and that they will not harm any churches or gatherings.
No weapon formed against us shall prosper—in Europe, Australia, Asia, Africa, and South America.
I thank You, Lord, that we'll have the greatest revival this world has ever seen.
We take the blood right now and apply it over us in Jesus' name.
Amen.
It’s a very raw atmosphere.
Braden's laughing at me.
We have these conversations quite frequently.
You just got a glimpse of what I do behind the camera.
I am who I am, and I believe what I believe.
I'm not ashamed of it.
I try to maintain a positive filter, but I'm telling you, we're entering into a storm and most of you are blind to it.
The body of Christ has its head in the sand.
Wake up, church!
Wake up!
You're running out of time.
This last year went by like vapor.
I drink my juice at night—I love my organic grapefruit juice; Diana buys it for me, no sugar added.
Father, we worship You.
We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We magnify Your name.
Thank You, Father.
We call in the blessing right now in Jesus' name from the north, the south, the east, and the west—that there's breakthrough in 2026 to get the job done.
Thank You, Lord.
Okay, I'm in Venezuela.
I see our troops again.
Have we gone in there?
That's interesting; I don't think there's anything about that.
I see our troops on the ground there, protecting the oil wells.
I see the Marines and the big domes.
Those big barrels—I see our people around those big white barrels, thousands of gallons, storage places.
I see little drones flying around in the sky, surveilling.
We pray over our troops and our people.
Lord, why are You showing me this tonight?
I pray for our people.
Oh, I see it now.
I see men with AKs coming out of the woods—drug lords trying to ambush.
They're coming out of what looks like a tropical forest.
These are guerrillas.
I hear guerrilla warfare is coming.
Drug lords are trying to overflow people with their money; these are street civilians who have been paid to join up with drug lords.
They're being paid big money.
You need to hear.
Listen to me, President.
They're being paid big money.
I see young men 17, 18, 19 years old being paid by drug lords.
Some of them are being held by their families, being told, 'You do this for us or we're going to wipe your grandma out.
' I see young men with white t-shirts and black hair coming up out of the woods to try to ambush our people like soldiers.
Our people are trained fighters; these people are not.
I see cocktails with alcohol and fire in them; I see Molotov cocktails today.
They still want to take out the oil wells to damage the economy in retaliation.
I'm seeing Russian troops coming into Venezuela.
How is that possible, Father, with how stretched they are in Ukraine?
There are not very many.
They say they're trying to keep peace.
They want to come in and be another party to keep peace for their interests.
They have interests.
They look like our soldiers.
They're coming up from Brazil, coming over by Brazil, up here in this corner, and they're coming down like this.
I see them up by Brazil.
Yeah, they're going to come through Brazil.
A turf war, but it will be involving Russia in the days ahead—a turf war involving Russia concerning Venezuela and Cuba.
Cuba is what I've seen, Braden, and now Cuba is involved with this.
They're trying to devise a plan.
I see our people on the ground going in and getting these drug lords out.
Their boots are on the ground.
Our people are on the ground right now taking out key targets.
It's like an invasion.
I see coke everywhere.
I see coke plants being blown up.
I see fire, I see smoke, I see coke powder burning.
Our Marines, our people are going through and I see them taking them out—a ground invasion.
People who are highly trained, like Navy Seals, are taking these people and trying to get rid of these labs.
But I see Russia coming from the east.
I see there's probably 10,000 of them coming through Brazil into Venezuela.
They want to be peacemakers, like, 'We're coming to regulate.
' Even though I speak English, the words are like peacemakers, like a peace treaty, ensuring they have a say, not just America.
It's about the oil.
But Cuba will go along with Russia.
Those aren't all Russian soldiers; they're Cuban.
These are just a couple of combat-trained men, but Cuba knows the territory.
They've been there a long time, and they're using these Cuban men because they know the territory.
They're going into Brazil and coming from Brazil—that's a very clear, dominant vision.
I need to let you know that this is a very colorful, dominant vision.
It's jungle—lots of jungle.
I see greens, trees, and vines.
So, with them coming that direction, what does that do?
It just raises tension because I see the drug wars and these young men with white t-shirts and blue jeans.
They're being paid to try to get people away from the oil.
They want to take out the oil refineries.
They don't want America getting that money.
If that's what they're there for, it will eliminate them wanting to be here.
It costs them more money to start it up.
They're upset because it's about the drugs and their livelihood.
It's about big money and drugs.
But it's not just about America's drugs; this is Europe's drugs.
It's like a cocaine highway—a trafficking highway that goes throughout Europe and America.
I see it going into Canada and parts of Asia.
This is a cocaine highway.
Even parts of Africa are affected by this.
Africa is highlighted very much.
South Africa spreads like veins.
They take these drugs and bring them in.
There's interest of drug money everywhere.
It's like a clashing of the two fronts together concerning Russia, America, and Cuba.
This is mainly Cuba.
Cuba is asking Russia for help.
Remember the alliance I told you about.
I see a lot of Cuban men.
Amen.
We pray over all of it.
We just thank you, Lord.
There's a de-escalation of everything.
I don't know, Lord, what this is all about, but I've seen it really clear.
I thank you, Lord, for your hand.
I see Claudia.
Great pressure on Claudia.
She's in a lot of fear.
She thinks she's next.
She's pacing.
Claudia is in an office and she's pacing.
She's very upset.
She's not sleeping at night, thinking she's next.
It's a level of paranoia on Claudia.
But the man over Cuba is down under the ground.
I see him in the side of a cliff.
The man in Cuba has a light on in the ground and I'm seeing him.
He has a blue shirt on.
He's under the ground and he has soldiers all around him.
It looks like the side of a hill.
He's inside of a mountain.
He has a bunker in the side of a mountain.
If you look at the island, it's on the side facing America.
I can see this bunker.
It's very luxurious.
He's hiding down there on high alert.
I see soldiers all around him with Cuban colors on.
I see red hats—some look like a beret.
He's African.
This man is very stocky.
There's a secret passage to this place.
I see palm trees and greenery, but it's down a trail.
There are communications—TV antennas coming off of here.
Claudia's in a house with antique cherrywood furniture around her.
I see a carved wood chair and an old post bed.
It looks like an old plantation house with dark wood.
Beautiful furniture.
They're talking back and forth on the phone.
She's really concerned.
He is at ease.
He's in the ground.
She's pacing.
She's worried.
He's talking to her like he doesn't care, acting arrogant.
He has all kinds of missiles and armory around him.
Does Cuba have a military like that?
Now, it may sound really dumb, y'all.
I'm sorry, but I'm seeing a military around this guy.
They have their own military.
They have their own stuff.
Well, of course, they're a country.
It's not like America, of course, but they have red berets on their heads.
And he's communicating to him that they want to take their people and their military to go over and through Brazil, come over onto Venezuela and cause jungle warfare against our troops.
You hear me?
It's very clear.
It's a very detailed vision.
They want to send their people through the backway.
And I see drug lords on the other side; they're coming from Colombia.
It's on two fronts: Colombia and Brazil.
And I see them trying to trickle in because they want the oil.
He's trying to be real radical.
He has nothing to lose—everything to lose, his life—but in his mind, he doesn't care about those people.
Thank you, Lord.
It's Colombia, and it's about the trafficking of drugs, protecting their assets of drugs, the coke, the refineries.
There are some major, humongous plants inside.
You see metal buildings that the metal is like a wavy metal—tin that is wavy tin, indented like a wave.
And on the side of these buildings, it's rusted.
And there's coke being made in these buildings down by Colombia.
It's on the border.
And I see these big factories.
Outside, there are workers that are like slave workers making coke.
It's down by Venezuela, Cuba, and Colombia.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
And this is what Cuba is involved in.
They're trying to go and protect some of these assets.
These are major drug plants.
Huge.
, the drug lords are scrambling to try to pay for this because they know America's coming.
Do you understand what I'm saying to you, son?
I see Colombia very clear.
And I see drugs.
And these drug lords are paying Cuba to come and help protect their assets with guerrilla warfare, AK-47s, things like that.
These men are trained.
This is big money.
It's about the pesos.
It's about the dinero with the pesos.
It's all connected—the triangle—but the trafficking of the drugs comes up through the southern border underneath those tunnels, and it's all connected.
And it comes out the Panama Canal.
I see Panama highlighted.
And they use this to smuggle the drugs into Asia.
This is big money, Braden.
I'm talking billions of dollars.
And they're scrambling around like rats because they know he's coming.
But it's our military.
But they're bringing in their military, and they're going to try to set up booby traps against our people to stop the drug trafficking and the sex trafficking because there's so much money involved in this.
Claudia is pacing, and I see that other guy.
He's hiding in a bunker.
He's in a mountain.
Now, if I'm missing it, it could be a metaphor.
I don't even know if Cuba has a mountain.
So, I'm just telling you, if they don't have a mountain, don't sit there and throw stones at me.
I'm trying to tell you, I see this man in the side of a mountain.
So, I'm just telling you what I see.
Okay?
It's also in the jungle around him.
I see him down in there.
It's a nice bunker, a luxury bunker.
How long, son, have I been doing this?
This isn't over.
This is not anywhere near over.
We're about to see some stuff we didn't want to see.
But young people will be involved in this.
They're going to retaliate for what happened to Maduro.
I see them trying to rise up and cause turmoil.
It's more about Colombia highlighted even more than it is Venezuela.
This is very serious about Colombia, but it's big money and big drugs.
But Cuba has an interest in it, and so does Claudia.
A lot of corruption here.
Very serious, all that I'm seeing.
We need a major army if we're going to do all this.
I mean, seriously, we need to protect our people.
But on this, I see drones flying around—our drones.
I see our military, and they're all stationed, and they're going to put a big base in Venezuela in the days ahead on the water.
It's a major port on the northern side.
They'll put a base on the northern side of Venezuela up toward the water.
There's a port there, and it'll be a place of a major military base on the water.
Lord, we're so grateful for all that you show us here.
We're so thankful for all that you show us.
We couldn't do this without you.
Of course, Lord, it's almost one.
I think we're done.
There's something very wrong.
This is very serious concerning America and Cuba.
Cuba is very aggressive because they have Russia backing them.
And I see Russian troops in this.
I'm trying to tell you, we have to pray for Florida.
We pray for Florida.
We pray over Miami.
We pray over the Keys.
We pray over the cruise ships.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a hedge of protection around the cruise ships and the cruise ship industry and all of our boats, all of our oil tankers, all of our people, our freight boats.
Father, I pray a hedge of protection over our military, over our assets, our cruise ships, all of it.
Now, it's hard for me to tell seasons because it's down by the water, and I don't know what it looks like down there in the middle of their seasons, but this season looks like it's pretty.
I'm trying to look at the sun and where it's at in the sky.
That looks like a summer sun to me, but that's down by the equator.
All I can say is we're in a time like I've never seen before.
I have such caution for America right now.
I pray over Hawaii.
I pray over Honolulu and our military bases in Hawaii and the families, and I thank you, Lord, that every island is covered.
No Pearl Harbor experiences.
I don't know when this will be, so I'm not even going to say that concerning China.
I pray over our military bases in Hawaii and all the islands, and I thank you, Father, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that your hedge is around and about Hawaii.
So thank you, Lord, for all the people in Africa, Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines, South Korea, all of them.
Father, I pray over every single person who's represented here tonight.
We pray for a supernatural revival in their nations in Jesus' name.
We call a stirring in North Korea tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that Kim Jong-un's days are over.
That Father, the dictator is done, and his sister's done, and a major uprising of the Spirit of God is coming to the land of North Korea.
Father, for the glory of God, they would never be the same again.
Father, you're breaking down the Iron Curtain.
We thank you, Lord.
It just takes a little bit.
I am looking into Ukraine and Russia again.
I see an uprising, an uptick in war.
They're really ticked off about Venezuela.
Russia is very angry about Venezuela and the peace that was being negotiated.
I told you he had his cards.
Putin is really ticked off; he is not happy.
I'm looking at Putin, and remember, I told you I saw that turning around him.
Is it Apollyon?
I saw Apollyon turning around him.
Most people said, "Well, Brandon, no.
Apollyon hasn't come out of the pit yet.
" I believe it has, but you're going to start to see it coming in vengeance.
Now, it's war.
They want Kyiv and they're going to get it.
They're going to try to do something to Zelensky.
His days are numbered.
Zelensky days are numbered.
Zelensky day is numbered.
You're going to hear it on the news: a puppet government's coming in.
That's the plan.
The Lord said, "Be very careful what you're saying right now.
" All right, we're done.
I don't want to get in trouble.
Praise the Lord.
God bless you all.
Thank you for joining us tonight—all 6,300 of you in the middle of the night.
We appreciate every single one of you.
We have much work to do, folks.
The flesh needs sleep.
Isn't that interesting?
When you deal with flesh, you have to rest it; one day we'll have a glorified body and we won't have to do that anymore.
But all glory to Jesus.
We are so excited that you came out tonight, and we'll be back again.
We're pushing through.
Hey son, is that their troops?
Yeah, that's what I told you.
Put a picture up there; show them what they look like.
I was going to show you this.
When I see into the spirit and I see that—look at that—those are Cuban troops.
Can you show them?
Yeah, they see it.
I said they have red hats on; there they are.
And they have green jungle outfits.
There they are.
And they're protecting him in the side of a bunker.
Now, if they have mountains and you can show that, I'm telling you, it looks old school; he is in the side of a mountain.
And those men right there, African-American men, were all around him, and he's facing towards America.
You can do this later, but see, I'm not showing it, but there's this map right here.
No, he was right there in the center.
Right here is where I saw it, right where my mouse is.
Is there a mountain there?
See where that bump is?
That's a mountain.
Green is just flat, and that's a mountain.
It looked like it was toward the middle.
There's a lot of mountains there.
Green is just flat, but the yellow indicates mountains.
Where's Havana?
Havana's right there.
So where would that be?
Right there where I was talking about.
Is there a military base around there?
We'll have to study all this out when we get done because I love this part of it.
Her stuff looks darker now—Claudia.
She is upset.
She had a really beautiful-looking bed; it looked like a king's castle.
You see how the wood furniture looks so beautiful?
That's gorgeous.
But what I was looking at was her home—it was a house.
I was looking into her house where she is sleeping because I saw her bed.
I saw a chair in a corner.
That's kind of the same style, though; same taste.
It's beautiful.
I wonder if she has her own White House, like a castle, like the President's house we have.
I wonder what that looks like because it was really beautiful what I was seeing.
The bed was a big poster bed and it was beautiful redwood.
So much to pray over.
God bless you all.
Thank you for joining us.
We'll see you again probably tomorrow.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
We'll see you again.
Bye-bye.